# Minutes for Tues, Oct 4

**Attendees:**

* Michal Blasko - Wingriders
* Lukas Polacek - Vacuumlabs
* Zhao Tan - FourierLabs
* Xi Luo - Multichain
* Sam - Ergo

**Interested parties:**

* Johnny Nguyen - IO
* Nick Nayfack - IO
* Adriana Saez - IO

**Apologies:**

* Interested party - Aric Chang

**Minutes:**

*  The working group members provided feedback to Multichain. Some concerns and risks were raised. Multichain will amend these and update documentation accordingly. A proper in-depth review is needed.
* Rosen's team provided an update to be followed next week.
* An NFT bridge project will join next week meeting  

**Actions:**

* Multichain to update documentation based on feedback provided by the working group members
* Lukas to share notes
* Help Multichain finding auditors with Go language experience

**Outstanding actions from previous meetings:**

* Michal to check with Cellar bridge if other time slots are available as the current ones donâ€™t fit anyone.
* Working group members to find out if an introductory meeting could be set-up with Portal bridge.
* Working group members to invite members from the Cardano community
