## Minutes: Tues, December 13th, 2022

**Attendees (by Discord handle)**

* Adam Dean
* JHO
* Nyk
* Tan
* Igodlab
* ChrisBrov
* ASaezIOG
* Anita Jovic
* Philip DiSarro
* waalge

### Minutes

* Introductions by attendees. Adam Dean introduced as new "Chair" of the working group to
  record minutes and help steer meetings.
* Reminder that Working Groups are open to the public and everyone is welcome.
* Previous meeting recap from Chris:
  * Discussion included bridge standards and other solutions such as Milkomeda. 
    Currently, no published standard for sidechains and bridges to support 
    interoperability to and from Cardano.
  * Attempts to liaise with already existing bridges and sidechains
  * Work towards a CIP/standard in due time
  * Transaction metadata standards for bridges
* Discuss processes and format for adding agenda items to future meetings
* Open the floor to new items, struggles, or challenges that attendees are facing
  * How broad is the brief/scope of this working group?
    * Propose agenda item for next meeting to define the scope of the working group
    * Use the [proposed charter](../CHARTER.md) as a framework (interested parties to review)
  * From those in attendance, security of bridges is the highest concern
  * Current state of potential EVM interoperability:
    * Utilizing centralized multisig solution for balancing the tradeoffs between
      decentralization, ease of use, and user experience.
  * Need to define the purposes and goals of the working group and how we determine 
    standards and best practices for what kinds of bridges we need on Cardano, whether
    bridging from another L1 or to a sidechain.
    * Most likely "first mover" approaches will utilize a BFT/centralized batching approach
      at least to start while working on security in a decentralized fashion.
  * Developing Standards:
    * Building a body of best practices
      * Some things can be standardized
      * Some things fall under best practices
  * Work in Progress bridge with Multichain Foundation
    * IOG will not fund development
    * Working group is eligible to apply for Catalyst if funds are necessary
    * Audit report provided to the working group to provide feedback
    * Haven't heard from Multichain in a while, how can we give them more help/support?
    * Current implementation is an off-chain bridge written in Go
  * Should there be a standard for both off-chain and on-chain bridges and a certification process?
  * What is a Trustless Bridge? (What does that look like?)
  * Definition of Terms & Nomenclature
    * 4 Different Constituencies
      * Users of the protocol and expanded utility (dApps)
      * Developers
      * Investors
      * Validators
    * Defining a glossary/definition of terms is a public good that servers all parties involved
    * Should be mindful of what we are working on and who is it for (Constituencies)
  * Next meeting is scheduled for the 9th of January 2023.
  * This meeting was not recorded with the consent of attendees, work on recording meetings when possible.
  * Agenda Point for next meeting: What is the Mission of the Working Group?
  * Have a statement of purpose/mission to help drive the group and create output
  * Motion to adjourn the meeting.

### Actions ###

* All attendees: Think about glossary/definition of terms and desired mission/purpose statement of the Working Group
* Nyk: Go Developer, can review the submitted and audited Multichain Foundation bridge code and provide insight to the group at next meeting
* Adam: Work on process for submission of agenda items by community or working group members for upcoming meetings
* All: Enjoy the holiday season and see you in the new year!